and as today we find ourselves for
a new video
but before that, give me the name of
makeup i'm a fan of make-up
nude
it's really the makeup that we
can wear for all occasions
but I still feel that
I miss something
But what is it
ah I know it's my lips
today I will introduce you but
if favorite lipstick I use the
mac chesnut lip pencil for
draw the outline of my lips and
that's what will allow you to get
two minutes perfect how red to
lips and the doc at mac is a
lipstick with sub marne
and it is ideal for black skin
it has a matte texture not at all to these
songs and he's holding on for a very long time
the lips
it removes that I like a lot for a
everyday makeup it is
really easy to wear the color is
really very discreet is really
I had darling of the moment I give it
my second lipstick and the
halphen mac stop so that's really
for me the perfect minutes pink
Besides, you have often seen me
the wear different rims pictures he has
a texture that is lining up so it's
relatively moisturizing it is not very
bright it leaves a slight veil
sakineh on the lips
it's a red to be that I do not get tired
not to wear my third red to
lips and velvet and 10 of mc that
I like the foot of nude classics it's
really the lipstick that pass
unnoticed not very discreet pink from
textures morning is the step chosen for
an ultra natural look including fourth
lipstick and tweed from mac
so it's a cold pink with the
Shades of violating her lipstick case
infinite satin and leaves the lips
shiny and hydrated it has a texture
very creamy and very pigmented ideas
also he has excellent attire and
he will really come and also your make
up nude
5th lipstick and the happy duo
long dress from l'oréal in the
infallible collection I wear the
gorgeous mano winning color that is
a very pretty color very vibrant in
some passages we have a coverage
total it's not lipstick that a
once dry becomes morning you can their
also have with moisturizing balm
eliminator or wear it like me
a sixth lipstick and the liquid
it's kitsch and anastasia severnyï so
that it's the color
heather this red on the avs is a bomb
I love them it's really red to
lips that will compliment all
carnations it is a red burgundy
easy to wear it is matte it holds
all day for making head
I ate lipstick did not move
book to montmagny game i'm a fan of
soul adele I love them here you are
now know the six reds to
favorite lips what I can not
pass
do not hesitate to tell me what was your
favorite color but in the meantime I
tell you very quickly